              DeadboltEdit Licensing and Legal Information

DeadboltEdit is made available subject to the terms of the Mozilla
Public License, version 2.0. You should have received a copy of the MPL
Version 2 along with this program; if not, you can obtain one at
http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the Mozilla
Public License for more details.

DeadboltEdit  (http://www.deadboltedit.org)
Copyright (C) 2012-2019   Michael Wright   All Rights Reserved

DeadboltEdit logo and icon
Copyright (C) 2012-2019   Michael Wright   All Rights Reserved

Third Party Code additional copyright notices and license terms
applicable to portions of the Software can be found below in this
document.

All trademarks and registered trademarks mentioned herein are the
property of their respective owners.


Third-Party Software
--------------------
DeadboltEdit uses the Not-Yet-Commons-SSL library, which is licensed
under the Apache Software License 2.0. Please refer to
http://www.apache.org/licenses.

The PKCS12 key derivation function (included in Not-Yet-Commons-SSL
library) was developed by BouncyCastle (bouncycastle.org).

Some of the not-yet-commons-ssl software was originally developed by
Credit Union Central of British Columbia (http://www.cucbc.com/). The
CUCBC code was licensed to the Apache Software Foundation on August
23rd, 2006.

DeadboltEdit uses icon image files from the FamFamFam Silk icon set
(http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/), which are licensed for use
under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License. Please refer to
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/

DeadboltEdit uses and includes the JFontChooser Java class, which is
licensed under the terms the MIT open source license agreement included
with JFontChooser. Please refer to
http://sourceforge.jp/projects/jfontchooser/scm/svn/blobs/
head/JFontChooser/trunk/jfontchooser/LICENSE.txt

For DeadboltEdit binary distribution: The DeadboltEdit binary
distribution is bundled with the OpenJDK Java Runtime Environment (Java
JRE), which is included under the terms of the GNU General Public
License (GPL), Version 2. The GPL V2 License applies to files located at
subdirectory "jre" in the program installation directory. Use or
redistribution of the DeadboltEdit binary distribution is subject to the
terms of the GPL V2 License. A copy of the GPL V2 should be included
with the binary distribution. If not, please refer to
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html

Additional Third Party Licenses apply to the OpenJDK Java Runtime
Environment (JRE). Please refer to file "THIRD_PARTY_README" included
with the JRE binary distribution.

